Oops, the ancient air is still good?
If only there weren't all that trouble
The mechanism lock is sold and the machine is locked.
What a coincidence
This little boy
Let me tell you something.
The trap lock in our house is cheap and easy to use.
You can't suffer any losses.
I'm not here to buy it.
I want to ask if you can drive this
Good stuff good stuff can you open it
Uh, I can't do that.
Oh, don't be angry, this guest.
I can't open it.
But someone can open it
I you before next week
Skilled at some miracle engines since childhood
It shouldn't be a problem to solve an agency.
This little boy
Mr. Zhou is our regular customer
You trap lock
If even he can't open it
Then no one else in the world can open it
So awesome
Hey, that little thing about Zhou Gongzi Li Lang
Okay.
Wow
So awesome
Dongzi, you helped me a lot today
So today I will do the east
Let's go to the best restaurant
I'll pay the restaurant
But I heard there's a nice brothel nearby
This is not good
Brother Zhou, I'm a family man
My treat, Brother Zhou
What do you mean by that?
Am I Qin Feng the one who is short of money?